[my video cv](https://youtu.be/fpcR4L5TGt4)

### Расшифровка

Hi, my name is Egor! In this video I will try to express who am I, why do I film it and why do I want to be a frontend engeneer.. And yes! I am trying to become one of them! It will be IRL, I am not going to montage this. Of course, there will be couple of mistakes and parasites. I am not a good speaker so you'll have to watch this (what's coming).
So, as I said, my name is Egor, I am a junior frontend engeneer and right now I live in Turkey, Marmaris. But I was born in Moscow and I have been living all my life there. But one year ago I switched place of living to Marmaris. Unfortunetly I did not finish high-school in Moscow (I left in the middle of the tenth grade). That's why I am studying in regular turkish public school. Well, of course it is hard to study there because I don't know turkish properly. I didn't study on regular basis. It was a surprise for me that I even go there. That's why I did not prepare. But it is a good experience! When you interact with people without proper knowledge of the language you start to find new ways to scan their emotions and their thoughts. You don't understand what they are saying but you still trying to understands their mimiks and jesture. It is really fun to practice it. Also I've learnt that our speech does not contain all of the information that our body does really send.
Well, right now let's talk about frontend: how I found it, how I feel about it. I started learning frontend half a year ago. Firstly it was extremly exciting. The fact that I can type some keywords and website will change because of that.. It is really excited me and still excites me by the way... But not so much because I am starting to know more and more details and it's becoming coplicated.. No more that pure excitment.. But still I do really like it and it is still sparks me! Well.. frontend is cool let's say like this.
In future I would really love to continue my programming journey, do not quit because of the burn out because learning curve is very intense. But I really hope that I will manage to continue!
